How can I help you?
Well, I find it very difficult to get to sleep at night.
I go to bed late and I'm usually tired, but then I stay awake for hours.
I see. Don't worry. This is a problem that a lot of teenagers have because your minds are very active.
The problem is I fall asleep very late and in the morning when I have to get up and go to school, I'm too tired.
Yes, that's a problem. And you do need enough sleep when you're still growing.
What do you suggest?
Make sure you take enough exercise and eat healthy food and find ways to relax before you go to bed.
For example, have a hot shower and a warm drink.
Is there anything that I shouldn't do?
Well, too much sugar will keep you awake. Don't watch television or play on the computer before you go to bed.
These will keep your mind active.
And another thing, it's important to go to bed early at the same time every night.
Thanks. I'll take your advice and try.
Good luck.